In the images folder you have a login form. Create Test Cases for the given form.

Please state the testing types(functional, non-functional, black box, white box, design technique) for each TC created.

Functional + blackbox testing:
TEST CASE 1.A:
DESCRIPTION: Check the login functionality using valid credentials
 Preconditions: A valid user with a valid password is needed.
Steps:
Step 1: Go to diprella application. Expected Results: Diprella application is displayed correctly with login screen selected by default.
Step 2: Login in the application using the user and the password from the preconditions. Expected Results: The login is performed correctly and the Home view is displayed properly.
Environment: Can be tested on WINDOWS 10.

Non-functional - Performance testing
TEST CASE 1.B.:
Description: Check the application load time at the login using valid credential.
Steps:
STEP1: Go to diprella application. Expected Results: Diprella application is displayed correctly with login screen selected by default.
STep2: Login in the application using a valid user and password.Check the application load time after Sign in button is selected. Expected results: After Sign in button is selected it takes 7.3s until Home view is displayed.

White box testing

TEST CASE 1.C:

DESCRIPTION: Check if the login password contains minimum 8 characters.

Steps: 
Step 1: Check if the field can be empty. Expected results:A message from webpage is displayed once Sign in button is selected and the password field is empty and the log in it's not performed.

Step 2: Check is the password can contain less than 8 characters. Expected results: when trying to configure a new password for a user that contain less than 8 char then a message is displayed when trying to save: The password should contain at least 8 characters.

Design technique:

TEST CASE 1.D:
DESCRIPTION: Check the display of social media buttons.
Step 1. go to diprella application. Expected Results: Diprella application is displayed correctly with login screen selected by default.
Step 2: Check the display of the social media buttons on the loggin screen. Expected results: The social media buttons are displayed correctly
between the 'Sing in to Diprella' and 'or use you're email account' labels. Each button have drawn the logo of the corresponding social media app.

